Please feel the strong presence of the Guru Padmasambhava and the Buddha character Muni, insepar
able with the Kondasangva in the form of the Kondasangva and this is the teaching of the Buddha and
the teaching of the Guru Padmasambha.
If there is no Buddha came in this world, if there is no Guru Padmasambha came to Tibet, maybe we
won't have this teaching what we are talking about.
So, therefore, this is the teaching of the segregation teachers, linear masters, so therefore honor
and respect and appreciation, sharing and gratitude is the noble qualities.
Because we like to follow the noble qualities. The noble quality also is something that connects
with our own true nature, the noble quality is not foreign that we invite, we try to make alien.
But we are in it by our misconception and misunderstanding of the ego-clinging.
By the teaching of the Buddha and the Guru Padmasambha, we try to come back where actually we
belong, where we are.
That is what is called nobles. Noble is what is noble, love, compassion, devotion, joy, respect and
appreciation, being graceful, being gratitude.
Those are the nobles. There is nothing any more noble than that. You think carefully.
That is what the Buddha said and that you think too. It is not just a kind of believing,
intellectually saying this and that, but that is the religion.
So, therefore, kind of activated that noble, bring out that goal like this, trying to be all our
perceptions in the noble status.
Even we can't do immediately change everything in the perception of the noble, but at least we can
change our perceptions. We can work with that.
That is our responsibilities, our duties. That is, if we do that, we are following our very life of
this precious existence.
And so, therefore, the strengthening of this, your meditation, your beautiful, with strong presence
of the Kondasambha,
who is the embodiment of the Buddha Shakyamuni, the Gaurabhaya Masambha, all the linear masters,
and then we join this prayer.
As teaching said, visualize that every sentient being has heard this song, this voice, so that they
can connect with their own heart and own nature.
This teaching is not against foreign teaching. If you read this, it is teaching nagata.
That is the point in teaching. Point out teaching to each of us.
Observe that this teaching is not something there. Teaching is here. Really connect.
This is only reminding us to do this. This is by the kindness of the Buddha and the Gaurabhaya Mas
ambha, and all those linear masters.
So, therefore, again, we join this with those we were told, and just a reminder that, and now we
join.